README update (#2)
noop-inc/desktop: README.md

# Noop Desktop

This repo contains the release artifacts for Noop Desktop, a platform for running applications locally on Workshop and in Noop Cloud.

Noop Desktop includes Cloud Console (the management console for Applications running in the cloud) and Workshop (a local instance of all Cloud functionality).

> We currently release binaries for Apple aarch64 and Intel x86_64 chips as well as Linux x86_64. See [releases](https://github.com/noop-inc/desktop-lima/releases) for current version and release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently release binaries for Apple silicon Machines. See [releases](https://github.com/noop-inc/desktop/releases) for current version and release notes.
```

Corrected repo linked. Also removed mention of forthcoming support for Intel Macs and Linux machines (we do not publish binaries for those systems yet).
